Mary Kastner: Jeffrey
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Hi it's Mary cast or do you have your video.
Jeffrey dewolf: Is
Mary Kastner: Super um we can get started. Um, however, I do have a 915
Mary Kastner: So your appointment was at 930 so if he shows. I'm gonna put you back in the waiting room.
Mary Kastner: And then, you know, I'll see him, and then I'll come back to you. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm a nurse practitioners psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And tell me what I can do for you today.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm just joining right heart, um,
Mary Kastner: This is
Jeffrey dewolf: Just what they asked me.
Mary Kastner: And why did you come to bright heart health.
Jeffrey dewolf: Because I wasn't open door.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. You would open door. Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, with Tony
Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: So,
Mary Kastner: Are they closing or that
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, while back, they lost their doctor
Uh huh.
Jeffrey dewolf: So I was referred
Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: But then the Kobe.
Mary Kastner: Oh, then coven 19 hit okay. So are you on Suboxone now.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh my, I have been buying them.
Mary Kastner: Dying them okay cuz I see in the cures report that your last Phil was
Mary Kastner: Jus
Mary Kastner: Of last year.
Mary Kastner: And then you had a fill in May before then. So it's almost been a year. What have you been doing for a year.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm just working and find him up district golden I must go to meetings and stuff like na and stuff. And I just, I've been working more than full time like
Jeffrey dewolf: 40 plus hours.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. What do you do
Jeffrey dewolf: I work at McDonald's.
Mary Kastner: And accounts.
Mary Kastner: Is that what you said it, you said you work in a kill me.
Mary Kastner: Song. Oh, McDonald's. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. What do you do for McDonald's.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I'm a crew train. Um, but I also, I might do everything almost
Mary Kastner: You said like training.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey. And so, when's the last time you used any opiates.
Jeffrey dewolf: She
Jeffrey dewolf: God be at least a couple months now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what did you use
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh,
Hi.
Mary Kastner: Know you blacked out a minute. What did you use for opiates. A couple months ago.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, I'm so Narcos and I'm I use a methadone.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever used I'd be heroin.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, no.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good.
Mary Kastner: So how did you come to open door. What were you doing that brought you to open door.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, we got a see WS case something
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah, okay, child welfare.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes.
Mary Kastner: And they referred you to treatment.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And when was that
Jeffrey dewolf: That would be
Jeffrey dewolf: They referred me like July two years ago so
Mary Kastner: Okay, so did you go to a open door until they closed.
Jeffrey dewolf: That was it. Because of my anger.
Mary Kastner: I think so. I think you're probably running out of juice. Are you in the car.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. So did you go to Open door then from July until
Mary Kastner: The following June when when you last had a Suboxone prescription
Jeffrey dewolf: Not in July. It took it took a month or so for me to get my act together and follow my wife on her you know her recovery.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so then
Mary Kastner: When did you go into open door.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I don't know, exact day to probably
Jeffrey dewolf: August or early September at least
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Eight or nine of
Mary Kastner: To
Mary Kastner: Mix of 19
Mary Kastner: Ok ok and then prior to that head you had any treatment.
Mary Kastner: Know, and what were you using at that time.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm
Jeffrey dewolf: A few things marijuana
Jeffrey dewolf: Pills, you know, Viking
Jeffrey dewolf: Methamphetamines
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how are you doing on the marijuana and the methamphetamine.
Jeffrey dewolf: The marijuana. I still kind of here in there. I'm
Jeffrey dewolf: Not like I used to. I still occasionally and
Jeffrey dewolf: The
Jeffrey dewolf: I wouldn't say the same with meth almost kind of just way further apart. No, you know, like
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, I'm between us and it's
Mary Kastner: And when was your last use of math.
Jeffrey dewolf: We could have two weeks ago. That's what made me wake up and realize I needed to join some boxing again.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: You know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, because of course you need to be abstinent, um, any alcohol.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any nicotine.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah I smoke. About a half x cigarettes a day. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you interested in any assistance with that.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And do you have physical pain.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh my lower lumbar every once in a while, kind of gets to me buy tickets more cousin, my mattress.
Mary Kastner: Okay i mean i i
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah I close McDonald's. So I work at night and you know from five till 132 o'clock in the morning.
Jeffrey dewolf: I can't go to sleep until
Jeffrey dewolf: Four or five in the morning I end up sleeping and tell it's almost time to go to work. So I think maybe I sleep on that bit too long, you know,
Mary Kastner: So you may go to sleep. About four in the morning. And then, what time do you have to wake up.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm usually run for so so that's like a long time you know so I
Think, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where are you living now.
Jeffrey dewolf: What's not working.
Jeffrey dewolf: So are you
Mary Kastner: Where are you living now.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm in a motorhome with my fiance Crescent City.
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, well,
Mary Kastner: Where are your children.
Jeffrey dewolf: They are in foster care.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where's your wife.
Jeffrey dewolf: She's in the house in our movie.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: So, um, why did you think you get into pills in the first place where you
Mary Kastner: You know what, why,
Jeffrey dewolf: A little bit taken to
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm it
Jeffrey dewolf: And
Jeffrey dewolf: There we go.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: It started out, I was
Jeffrey dewolf: I was commercial fishing or you know crabbing and and salmon fishing on the ocean.
Jeffrey dewolf: And it can, yeah. Tore my body up a little bit. And so I would start to just buy one or two here and there and then
Jeffrey dewolf: Pretty soon the way it made me feel, you know. And so eventually
Jeffrey dewolf: Was more of a high thing, you know.
Mary Kastner: There you go. There you go. Yeah, okay. Um, so I just need to ask you some questions to get your record open and
Mary Kastner: You think it's been a couple days. Hmm. Since um
Mary Kastner: Since you've had any opiates.
Jeffrey dewolf: Mitch. Well, besides beauty more friendly. I haven't had any, um, it's been a couple weeks or so now
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, we never your dose was when you were on it.
Jeffrey dewolf: On the Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I was getting eight milligrams
Jeffrey dewolf: Three. A day but like sometimes I would have teeth problems. So I would get for a day.
Jeffrey dewolf: And Todd took care of to Tina.
Mary Kastner: If you know go from three to four, you need a prescription for that. Yeah, you need to prescribe you need to go by what the direction, say, so if you need a dose change need let me know so that we can change the direction. So, okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, that's what I meant. That's what I meant it from the doctor day without me from three to four.
Me.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK, so we'll get these ordered no more than one eight milligram. The first day.
Jeffrey dewolf: Right.
Mary Kastner: If you want to
Mary Kastner: That from in half and take half and and take half later in the day, that's fine.
Mary Kastner: The next day, you can go up to two, but no more than than eight that first day.
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, got it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, then I have a group on Mondays at four that you'll need to be able to attend, now you work at four is that routine.
Jeffrey dewolf: I know I work at
Like
Jeffrey dewolf: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Jeffrey dewolf: From
Jeffrey dewolf: From five o'clock on Sunday. I work three to 11 now because I'm trying to get somebody to to take a closing shift.
Mary Kastner: Some Monday. Do you work.
Jeffrey dewolf: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Jeffrey dewolf: I don't know when I don't know when my wife sees Dr. PACHTER. I don't know if that's one of her days because right now in for another week. I won't have another phone
Jeffrey dewolf: We're going to share this phone for this week and I gotta get another one. So we both, you know what I mean. That way we don't cross panels and
Jeffrey dewolf: Mrs de. You know what I mean.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh, uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, he's also
Mary Kastner: Okay. So really, I want you to try to get to that Monday group. So I can refill your medicine. That's how you see me again.
Mary Kastner: Does that make sense.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, absolutely.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to give you 14 of these strips and so you'll, you'll need to make sure you get into that four o'clock group. So what you do is you call in at 345 they'll tell you what room to go to
Mary Kastner: OK, OK. And the first day, even though it says twice a day, first day I want you just to take one.
Jeffrey dewolf: Got it.
Mary Kastner: Now, um,
Mary Kastner: Do you have any complications or Gemini side effects from taking
Mary Kastner: The buprenorphine before
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, I'm everything was good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, when I first started taking it would make puke.
Jeffrey dewolf: But then I learned how to
Jeffrey dewolf: Take it right. Um, I didn't know that you've, you know, let it dissolve and then spit it out.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I've never heard about this.
Mary Kastner: I've never heard about spitting it out.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, that's what the direction say on it.
Mary Kastner: We just tell you to put it under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: Until it dissolves. So have your mouth wet don't drink, smoke talk until it's dissolved
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okie doke. And this is going to go to Walmart on Washington, is that correct
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: I just I can't wait to get to groups and stuff, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, good.
Good, good, good.
Mary Kastner: Do you have, you know, an intolerance.
Mary Kastner: With a continued nausea, you know, let me know, because we can get it for you without the naloxone
Jeffrey dewolf: Right.
Mary Kastner: Which is what typically causes a nausea. Now, do you have a naloxone spray
Mary Kastner: Rescue kit.
Jeffrey dewolf: I have done what is it Narconon or Narcan
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: It's a nasal spray
Mary Kastner: Okay could you make sure that
Mary Kastner: Your fiance.
Mary Kastner: Knows how to use that somebody that's around you.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, we
Mary Kastner: Should know how to use that
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, we've
Released
Mary Kastner: Okay, please check the expiration date.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um, now I just have to open your record here got that ordered
Mary Kastner: And I'm talking a little bit to the screen. Um,
Mary Kastner: Because
Mary Kastner: I have a person recording this, and I want to make sure I give her the right information in front of you and she will transcribe it into your record.
Mary Kastner: And that way you can correct me if I'm wrong. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So this is Jeffrey dwarf. He's calling from Crescent City has been a patient at Open door.
Mary Kastner: For opioid use disorder for
Mary Kastner: Approximately eight
Mary Kastner: To
Mary Kastner: Is fallen out of treatment for about a year, using buprenorphine. He gets off the street and attending some na meetings.
Mary Kastner: He is now anxious to get back in a program because he's finding himself using methamphetamine again he dabs with marijuana. How many times a week do you think
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh yeah, two, three, maybe
Jeffrey dewolf: And it's
Jeffrey dewolf: Like a death and fed again.
Jeffrey dewolf: Or even less than that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, last use of methamphetamine reports was about two weeks ago. And last, use of opiates.
Mary Kastner: Was a couple months ago, using Norco methadone, he got off the street. He has no history of IV drug use. He was referred initially to open door by child welfare services and
Mary Kastner: Is currently his children are currently in foster care. His wife is in here, separated wife is living in the home and he is living in a motor home with fiance in Crescent City.
Mary Kastner: He has been working very long hours like FROM 4PM to like 1:30am at McDonald's during training closing and doing pretty much all the different jobs, they have their in states it is drug uses not affected his work schedule.
Mary Kastner: He had a pH q nine of three and get seven of three these anxiety and depression skills, Jeffrey telling me that you're not depressed or anxious. Is that true
Jeffrey dewolf: That's true.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then audit see of zero. He reports, no alcohol use, and destruction of six. He smokes about a half pack per day. He has some pain in his lower lumbar area. What's your pain level today 10 being the most pain you've ever had.
Jeffrey dewolf: No one.
Mary Kastner: One. Okay. And he had a curious report that indicate his last scripture ups prescription for Suboxone was 625 19 and the first was 528 19
Mary Kastner: Okay, so right now on my impression is clear opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: Jeffrey said he was initiated to use of opiate pills when he was a commercial fisherman and his buddy gave him some and he found that it made him feel better and eventually wanted to. Hi.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to tell you ask you some questions about your medical history. Have you ever had a head injury.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And have you ever lost consciousness know okay ever had seizures.
Jeffrey dewolf: Know,
Mary Kastner: When did you have the head injury.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm a lease was like four years ago, or three years ago down
Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: I flipped by
Jeffrey dewolf: That we had on stone up parking to ghosts. We were going salmon fishing up in Oregon and
I was just
Jeffrey dewolf: Broke I flipped it a bunch of times. Anyways, and the roof split the top of my head open
Mary Kastner: Oh my goodness, but no loss of consciousness.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your vision.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, you know, a little tiny bad notice stuff is, you know, the last couple years, it's kind of been blurry like the writing on the screen of TVs or something.
Jeffrey dewolf: Or like two monitors work that mean a food. I need to make. But I take that question college, I took a couple of welding classes and I didn't have a mascot foods and so I tried to weld without mass at my college and and I just
Mary Kastner: I think I minimize a little bit
Mary Kastner: Oh my god, Windsor last night, Sam.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, it didn't last couple of years that day. He said it was nothing wrong. Nice.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And do you feel like you're hearing us. Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I have had six sets of air tubes.
Jeffrey dewolf: My punctured an eardrum I pushed a Q tip.
Jeffrey dewolf: On
Jeffrey dewolf: One side, the other night, my hearings. It's all right.
Jeffrey dewolf: I have some rules.
Jeffrey dewolf: Played my nose and blow and it pops him and everything gets real loud.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how are you using the methamphetamine.
Jeffrey dewolf: Smoking
Mary Kastner: Smoking. Okay, I'm in trouble with your teeth are your mouth or your nose.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, my, my teeth, you know, over the years.
Jeffrey dewolf: Have gotten real bad. After I
Jeffrey dewolf: kind of stopped using myth.
Jeffrey dewolf: You know, I mean, it wasn't long after I
Quit
Jeffrey dewolf: Trying to use my teeth multicultural valid you spell.
Mary Kastner: Are kinda
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it works it
Mary Kastner: affects your bone structure of your teeth. So make sure that you're brushing regularly and you have in your flossing.
Mary Kastner: And tell me, when's the last time you saw Dennis.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh man, I couldn't, I couldn't
Jeffrey dewolf: I don't remember.
Mary Kastner: Though I would say that's on the docket to schedule seeing a dentist. Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: I've tried around here. I can never get in, it's hard but
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you may have to try a different city.
Mary Kastner: May have to try
Jeffrey dewolf: To emergency or something.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: But just for routine cleaning is real important when you're an opiate to maintain your dental health.
Mary Kastner: The same goes with your gut, you have you had any trouble with constipation.
Jeffrey dewolf: Know,
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I did pass adult stone few months back.
Mary Kastner: Okay, golf.
Jeffrey dewolf: Might it might have been a kidney stone. I'm not sure which one he passed by. No, it wasn't good.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, but I just, you know,
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you had a medical exam.
Jeffrey dewolf: Probably just before I joined open door clinic, but yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, cuz you, you do need to get any annual physicals part of the program requirements you have a primary care physician.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh my god, I did. But she left open door clinic and I never
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, is there another way you can get a primary care physician.
Jeffrey dewolf: Or am I can go down there and try
Jeffrey dewolf: I figured if she left, they should have assigned me
Jeffrey dewolf: Or gave me a different way.
Mary Kastner: Yes, you. I would agree with you. Yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any known issues a rhythmic is hypertension murmur.
Mary Kastner: Know,
Jeffrey dewolf: Not to this point.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your breathing any frequent as Miss pneumonia asthma.
Jeffrey dewolf: Know my breathing gets a little hard every once while. But you know, I work a lot it's fast paced and I am overweight.
Jeffrey dewolf: At least to me.
At
Mary Kastner: How much you weigh
Jeffrey dewolf: Like 252 cents.
Mary Kastner: And how tall are you,
Jeffrey dewolf: Only five six. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So yeah, I do try to get another primary care any trouble with your stomach gutted then possible gallbladder any hernias or any GERD or
Mary Kastner: Heartburn
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your liver.
Mary Kastner: No. So we have a panel of labs, we need you to get so if you would please let
Mary Kastner: The front desk know what lab you want them to send, send to is that is part of our program that you get the labs done and then they will put you on a male in urine drug screen.
Mary Kastner: And they'll explain that to you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any trouble, other than possible kidney stones with your urinary system.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and your wife or your fancy new using birth control.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, she had a
Jeffrey dewolf: Bilateral segment done where they took like so much of each to about
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Jeffrey dewolf: Well course we had three kids after that.
Jeffrey dewolf: No other now like no
Jeffrey dewolf: No.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, she had the operation down
Mary Kastner: But
Jeffrey dewolf: It didn't really help.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you are you living in a motorhome with your three kids and her
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm
Jeffrey dewolf: Not we was no it was six kids.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. So now it's
Mary Kastner: Now it's three kids.
Mary Kastner: Are you living with your children.
Mary Kastner: No.
Jeffrey dewolf: During foster care, all of them.
Mary Kastner: All six of them.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: Well, there's five plus my I had my grandson, his whole life. Okay, I'm a factual over my grandson, so you
Jeffrey dewolf: Like one of my kids.
Jeffrey dewolf: I sure there was six, but they've been known for years now and foster care.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your joints and you're in the arthritis or broken bones.
Jeffrey dewolf: Or no
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. In each of your skin.
Mary Kastner: Know any history of seizures severe headaches stroke.
Jeffrey dewolf: Or I've had some pretty gnarly headaches.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: What do you do for them and how
And how often
Jeffrey dewolf: At least once a week, maybe
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: But I think that
Jeffrey dewolf: Has to do with you know me kink in my neck at night with the big pillow or something.
Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: Right pillow and I don't get headaches, wrong one boy, it'll give me a headache I
Mary Kastner: Know sounds like
Mary Kastner: You bet. A new pillow.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, for sure.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, any trouble with thyroid or diabetes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Anemia is cancer, HIV STDs tuberculosis hepatitis. Okay. And do you use your seatbelt. When you're in the car driving
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay any history of problems in school, like, attention deficit disorder.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, I know. Way back when I was in like third or fourth grade. They said I needed speech, but
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, well my over the summer.
Jeffrey dewolf: That was at the end of the school year over the summer I
Jeffrey dewolf: Read punches of books and just kind of fixed it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your sleep.
Mary Kastner: Other than you feel like you sleep too much. Okay, any exercise program.
Mary Kastner: And how is your diet.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, it's bad i are a lot of fast food.
Jeffrey dewolf: Junk food. My wife crazy solid
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's probably why your waiters where it is. Huh.
Mary Kastner: Have you had any surgeries.
Jeffrey dewolf: I've had my
Jeffrey dewolf: appendix taken out.
Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: My
Jeffrey dewolf: my tonsils, adenoids
Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: That's it.
Mary Kastner: Okay family history of medical problems or psychiatric or substance abuse.
Jeffrey dewolf: dad, brother, sister.
Mary Kastner: Who, who
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh my
Jeffrey dewolf: My father
Jeffrey dewolf: Uh huh. And
Jeffrey dewolf: My mother to
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of substance abuse.
Jeffrey dewolf: Alcohol and methamphetamines
Mary Kastner: How about any medical problems.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, my. I mean, my dad's have some heart attacks, you know, little minor ones.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes arrhythmia, or something.
Mary Kastner: Okay, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins.
Jeffrey dewolf: No I don't take my grandparents did I don't ever remember them having
Jeffrey dewolf: Issues. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Where were you
Mary Kastner: Where were you born and raised.
Jeffrey dewolf: Cross City, California.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So brothers and sisters
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh no, I mean I have brothers or sisters
Mary Kastner: Or brothers and sisters, and where are they and how is your relationship and what's their medical history like
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, so I have
Jeffrey dewolf: I have two brothers and
Jeffrey dewolf: Sisters.
Jeffrey dewolf: And they all seem
Jeffrey dewolf: To be pretty healthy
Jeffrey dewolf: neurologists sad.
Jeffrey dewolf: We all get along.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: How old are your children.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, my children are the ones that were in the home.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, all of your all of your children.
Mary Kastner: in foster care, right.
Jeffrey dewolf: Well, definitely lumps.
Mary Kastner: Except for
Jeffrey dewolf: Except for the adult one
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah, just tell me their, their ages, if you will, in their sex.
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, so I have a
Jeffrey dewolf: 43 year old female, you know, daughter.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Jeffrey dewolf: About a 22 year old daughter.
Jeffrey dewolf: A 15 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER A 14 year old daughter.
Jeffrey dewolf: A 11 year old son.
Jeffrey dewolf: A five year old son and a two year old son.
Mary Kastner: Wow. And then, yeah, but grandson that you're really
Jeffrey dewolf: Good. Absolutely, which is five years old.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And how's your relationship with them.
Jeffrey dewolf: It's good, it's good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: I take it that your wife is
Mary Kastner: You are separated. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: No, no, no.
Mary Kastner: No, so
Mary Kastner: You're still married and you have a fiance.
Jeffrey dewolf: Well, my color my wife. I should have mentioned that
Jeffrey dewolf: She's more fiance, but I call it my wife. We've been together a long, long time.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, but you're not married.
Jeffrey dewolf: Not like
Mary Kastner: Okay, I see. Okay, okay, and finished high school. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And any post high school training.
Jeffrey dewolf: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And what is your work history been like
Mary Kastner: My what your work history where I'll have you worked
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, I'm commercial
Mary Kastner: Commercial fishing. Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: That's true.
Jeffrey dewolf: Uh huh, landscaping.
Jeffrey dewolf: And Canada.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and currently in the fast food. Yeah, any military history.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, any legal problems.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, I've been in trouble for sure.
Mary Kastner: Any current legal problems.
Jeffrey dewolf: Just driving on a suspended.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Is that rectified.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, it's supposed to be like are supposed to go to jail for 30 days to take care of it and have no probation, no nothing when I get out
Jeffrey dewolf: But because of the cove. I think they they keep putting it out.
Jeffrey dewolf: I see those certain different days for me to turn myself.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Um, so you're smoking half PACK A DAY YOU'RE NOT vaporizing
Mary Kastner: Was that correct
Jeffrey dewolf: And
Mary Kastner: How much caffeine. Do you think you
drink a day.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh,
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Jeffrey dewolf: A cup or no run eight
Mary Kastner: Eight ounces. Okay. Any sodas.
Mary Kastner: Any sodas or energy drinks.
Jeffrey dewolf: Know a lot of soda.
Mary Kastner: That's if you cut that soda out Jeffrey habituate really goes down.
Mary Kastner: How much soda. Do you think
Jeffrey dewolf: Well, free drinks at work. So
Mary Kastner: They have a water spirit. Right.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah. Yes. Yes.
That is true.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, there goes your teeth to it that soda. So think about it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Right, because you're young, you're yet to get some chronic problems with this like joint disease and diabetes. So you got to get that weight down and start an exercise program.
Mary Kastner: Because you got these kids, you want to live for. Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. Um, so anything. I didn't ask you that, that you think I should know about IV had any trauma in your life.
Mary Kastner: Miss
Mary Kastner: Cole sexual verbal abuse. No. Okay, any current medical issues, sore throat, runny nose earache headache congestion. No. Okay. Um, any allergies to medicines foods or the environment.
Jeffrey dewolf: Of medications.
Jeffrey dewolf: I'm allergic to
Jeffrey dewolf: Penicillin and protein.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what happens
Jeffrey dewolf: So the penicillin.
Jeffrey dewolf: Makes me break out in hives.
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay, sharp jogging bumps all over my body and it tries to close my throat.
Mary Kastner: There he go yeah okay
Jeffrey dewolf: The coding it just makes me sick.
Jeffrey dewolf: You know, like the whole
Jeffrey dewolf: Money, like I just feel like home acute the entire
Mary Kastner: Time. Okay, okay, don't ever see things hear things
Mary Kastner: That aren't there or feel the TV has special messages or people can read your mind.
Jeffrey dewolf: Know,
Mary Kastner: You get into the shower and dress yourself. Correct.
Mary Kastner: Functioning independent and as far as your cognitive you, how do you think your memory is
Jeffrey dewolf: It's raining and refer
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And focus and concentration
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay, good, good. Okay, so fully oriented.
Mary Kastner: Person place circumstance, no evidence of memory loss shorter long term attention concentration
Mary Kastner: Normal don't compromise mood naphtha you dynamic
Mary Kastner: And Congress Pierce Kashi dressed
Mary Kastner: He is
Mary Kastner: growing a beard is that it or is that your beard.
Jeffrey dewolf: Just it's my two days off and it grows real fast.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Fun.
Mary Kastner: A BIT ON CAM today because of being off from work.
Today,
Mary Kastner: Speech rate and volume coherent normal thought process appropriate for agent development with normal content logical non tangential no hallucinations and delusions noted during today's exchange insight and self reflection on today's issues are adequate.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever felt like you want to hurt yourself or others.
Jeffrey dewolf: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you ever been in a psychiatric facility or in any kind of therapy.
Jeffrey dewolf: Um, I've been in therapy, a couple times in my life.
Jeffrey dewolf: Like mental
Jeffrey dewolf: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Was it helpful.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah.
Okay.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, I learned. I learned things
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we'll do a little bit of that in the group that you'll go to, um, I would put him in a low suicide risk. Do you have access to firearms.
Jeffrey dewolf: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, his diagnosis opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: Moderate and
Mary Kastner: We're starting him on Suboxone eight to film.
Mary Kastner: One subliminally today make up to two tomorrow and each day. Take two until I see him again in group on Monday, and that is the date of Monday is
Mary Kastner: I believe, gosh, this month is on the 26th know the 25th 25th at five.
Mary Kastner: And you're going to get calling and let us know what lab you're going to go to. So we know where to send the labs.
Was out for
Mary Kastner: 25th at four. You're right. What did I say
Mary Kastner: Know somebody said sorry about that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Jeffrey dewolf: It's a 25th Ward, but you call in it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you call in at 345 okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, Jeffrey thanks for catching it. Any other questions for me.
Jeffrey dewolf: Oh, no.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice to meet you.
Excited.
Jeffrey dewolf: Yes, absolutely.
Mary Kastner: Your life. Well, yeah, we'll get you on the right track.
Jeffrey dewolf: When I first started to Sebastian group, I kind of felt like I had traded one for the other. But then realized, you know what I mean it all this support and group, you know,
Jeffrey dewolf: And
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, just to support
Jeffrey dewolf: They get out the network. I was building it just was wonderful. I saved my life made me a better parent, ya know I was
Jeffrey dewolf: Yeah, so I i
Jeffrey dewolf: I enjoy this boxing groups and
Mary Kastner: In counseling. Oh, good, good. Yeah, we, we have a few people from your area. You might know some if there's a conflict of interest, just let us know.
Mary Kastner: Actually, we've had a commercial fisherman in there, but I think he's going to the later group now.
Mary Kastner: Which is another issue Jeffrey. If you can't, if something happens, you really can't get to that four o'clock. There is a seven o'clock group that same day.
Mary Kastner: Every Monday. There's four and seven. I just like to put the people with opiate use disorder in the four o'clock.
Mary Kastner: But I'd rather have you come to seven rather than miss it all together. If you can't get to four o'clock.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. You take care
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Jeffrey dewolf: No, I just press back
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Mary Kastner: I do. I just put yeah I can get you out.
Mary Kastner: I
Can get you out. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I can just yeah just end it.